AAE-20018 Add action to enforce PR conventions (#487)
Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools: docs/README.md

      - uses: Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools/.github/actions/docker-scan-image-dirs@ref
```

### enforce-pr-conventions

Checks if the branch name and pull request title follow conventions.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This action is only valid for workflows triggered by the `pull_request` event.

```

Reviewer 2: Done.

> Check if the branch name and pull request title follow conventional checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Checks if the branch name and pull request title follow conventions.
```

Reviewer 2: Done

```yaml
      - uses: Alfresco/alfresco-build-tools/.github/actions/enforce-pr-conventions@ref
        with:
          jira-project-key: AAE|HXCS # optional
          valid-branch-regex: "^(feature|test|tmp)\/AAE-[0-9]+-[A-Za-z0-9._-]+$" # optional

>           valid-pr-title-regex: "^AAE-[0-9]+ .+$" # optional

Reviewer: As is, this sample is not consistent as not all inputs are needed at once, and only one project is referenced in the regex shown as samples whil 2 projects are shown in key.

I think it would make sense to show 2 use cases:
- first use case (most simple), you only define jira-project-key (and here we explain that multiple projects can be used with "|" as separator
- second use case (advanced), you only define regex inputs: the project key is ignored anyway, in this case you can define your regular expressions as you wish (including project key(s))

Reviewer 2: Done.

```

`jira-project-key`, `valid-branch-regex` and `valid-pr-title-regex` are optional.
If `valid-branch-regex` and `valid-pr-title-regex` are not provided, the action will consume `jira-project-key` to generate the default regex.

**Default regex for Branch name:**
`"^(improvement|bug|feature|test|tmp)/(<jira-project-key>)-[0-9]+-[A-Za-z0-9._-]+$"`

**Examples:**

✅ improvement/AAE-12345-the-topic-of-the-branch

❌ dev-uname-aae-12345

**Default regex for PR title:**
`"^(<jira-project-key>)-[0-9]+ .+$"`

**Examples:**

✅ AAE-12345 The title of the Merge Commit

> ❌ AAE-12345 - The title of the Merge Commit

Reviewer 2: Modified the regex accordingly.

> ❌ AAE-12345 - The title of the Merge Commit

Reviewer: Actually looking at the regexp I'm not sure this is what we want: do we want to prevent people from starting their description with ":" or "-"?

If so maybe `^(<jira-project-key>)-[0-9]+ [A-Za-z0-9 ]+$"` should be replaced by "^(<jira-project-key>)-[0-9]+ [A-Za-z]{1}.*$"` (?) (regexp not tested)

> ❌ AAE-12345 - The title of the Merge Commit

Reviewer 2: Yes, We want to prevent people from starting their description with '-' or ':' or any symbol. So it makes sense to use the suggested regex. Thanks!

> ❌ AAE-12345 - The title of the Merge Commit

Reviewer 2: Have modified the regex.

> ❌ AAE-12345 - The title of the Merge Commit

Reviewer: Thanks!
